README.md, before:

# HuginSample
This repository provides a sample image source for the Panorama photo stitcher - [Hugin](http://hugin.sourceforge.net/download/).
People that want to learn about creating [360 degree panoramas e.g. with AFrame](https://aframe.io/examples/showcase/sky/) can use this [set of sample images](https://github.com/niebert/HuginSample/archive/master.zip) to play around with [Hugin](http://hugin.sourceforge.net/download/).

## Wikiversity
The sample image belong to the introduction in [3D Modelling on Wikiversity](https://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/3D_Modelling/Examples).

## Download OpenSource software
You can download the free OpenSource Software Hugin for all major Operating Systems
* Linux,
* MacOSX and
* Windows.

For MacOSX and Windows go to the following  website for downloading
:: Download [Hugin](http://hugin.sourceforge.net/download/)
For Linux Operating Systems you can install the software with your package manager.

## Video Tutorial for Hugin
* [Intro to The Hugin Panorama photo stitcher](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_gONzUndQo) by Brian Cluff - Youtube 2017/02/07
* [Hugin Part 1 - Overview and Stitching 3 Photos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGF4d_jX8K0) by Jamie Hamel-Smith - Youtube 2017/02/07
* [Hugin Part 2 - Hugin Part 2 - De-Fishing an Image and Straightening a Pattern](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGF4d_jX8K0) by Jamie Hamel-Smith - Youtube 2017/02/07

## Acknowledgement
Thank you to [the developers of Hugin](http://hugin.sourceforge.net/community/authors/) for providing this advanced panorama stitching tool for all major operating systems as OpenSource software.

Commit message:

updated Export Images of Panorama

README.md, after:

# HuginSample
This repository provides a sample image source for the Panorama photo stitcher - [Hugin](http://hugin.sourceforge.net/download/).
People that want to learn about creating [360 degree panoramas e.g. with AFrame](https://aframe.io/examples/showcase/sky/) can use this [set of sample images](https://github.com/niebert/HuginSample/archive/master.zip) to play around with [Hugin](http://hugin.sourceforge.net/download/).

## Wikiversity
The sample image belong to the introduction in [3D Modelling on Wikiversity](https://en.wikiversity.org/wiki/3D_Modelling/Examples).

## Use generated Panorama in AFrame 360 Degree Image
The provide example is designed as learning resource for the generation of [360 degree images in AFrame](https://aframe.io/examples/showcase/sky/)

## Download OpenSource software
You can download the free OpenSource Software Hugin for all major Operating Systems
* Linux,
* MacOSX and
* Windows.

For MacOSX and Windows go to the following  website for downloading
:: Download [Hugin](http://hugin.sourceforge.net/download/)
For Linux Operating Systems you can install the software with your package manager.

## Video Tutorial for Hugin
* [Intro to The Hugin Panorama photo stitcher](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_gONzUndQo) by Brian Cluff - Youtube 2017/02/07
* [Hugin Part 1 - Overview and Stitching 3 Photos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGF4d_jX8K0) by Jamie Hamel-Smith - Youtube 2017/02/07
* [Hugin Part 2 - Hugin Part 2 - De-Fishing an Image and Straightening a Pattern](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGF4d_jX8K0) by Jamie Hamel-Smith - Youtube 2017/02/07

## Acknowledgement
Thank you to [the developers of Hugin](http://hugin.sourceforge.net/community/authors/) for providing this advanced panorama stitching tool for all major operating systems as OpenSource software.
